greed stains your soul a little music for the dawn
Bringers and the root [Music] Cutters down
bringer root cutter new singer Athena
lover singing with The Muse dancing one two she Whispers little thing in the
wind to you hold my heart so Athena
bellima do you like the hash I got the creeper Reaper we eat spaghetti for Sil
assassine with the fruit and veggies out the corner copia here have a little
taste sipping wine iron flavor I got the bag of amethyst St
bringer root cutter new singer AA
lover got the lavender by the box full Bobo riger Tony coming through high off
the contact it sounds nice fruits of Labor All Night the moon rise Dragon
Queen Taking Flight I Spa away from the tree line the bubble make you feel Fun
House of Frankenstein Wolf Man CH time root cutter D Brer Phoenix Rising that's
how the devil rid D bringer cutter new singer Athena
lover welcome back to Lady Babylon I
want you to know tonight I just want to give you some
intimacy for your brain I love it I love it you know what
happening we're getting out there we're getting out there and do you know what's happening it's causing people to become
it pray what kind of people are these
These are people whose souls are stained with
greed congratulations satanic congregation you have done it you have
done it in ways that you may not even yet understand
congratulations everybody involved congratulations thank you teddy Bas for
the music tonight for the intro and the outgo I appreciate it um you can than of
those as your hymns those are modern hymns and we have our Orpheus Isn't it
nice on the ship to have an orus that's very nice it's very nice um
we have another person who needs a little bit of shout out and that is old boy um because his series on the purple
is out it's great um um great movement
forward for the museum Isn't it nice isn't it nice and the discoveries just
come out of the come out of the ground there it is the purple what are we going
to get next oh I've told you what's
coming tonight on lady Babylon we're going to take a look at some of your
most deepest Intimate Secrets we're going to bring them out
and we're gonna burn off your mortality isn't it doesn't that
sound nice doesn't that s nice burn off your mortality if I was ever GNA go to a
priest S I tell you um I would go in there knowing that she was going to burn
off my mortality God how did
religion become so unattractive how did it become so
unattractive tonight we're going to take a quick look at the do M tonight we're
going to look into elus now there are 100 gazillion I think it's the number two is
it gazillion I 100 gazillion of these
propers in the universe right now
profiteering profiteering it's important for everybody here to know lady Babylon is not
monetized and will not be monetized everybody needs to know that's part of
the contract with the Devil the esoteric
Vision evaporates The Muse
leaves the minute I sit here and do this for
money isn't that amazing true religion has the high
standard true religion has the high
standard there will be no PL passing of plates
um offerings we don't we don't take offerings
here do you know what that gives me the power to do it gives me the power to reach into the deepest darkest sess and
pull it out and throw it in your faces oh God that real sess from the
sess pool are you guys ready to go there tonight we're going to dive in deep I
want to see something I want to see something did somebody get did somebody
say Penelope somebody wants to see Penelope okay bring her up Penelope
thank you for coming tonight on demand please show us your
cross show us your cross beautiful get the pollution out
we're gonna find a place that hides a multitude of sin multitude
hit me with the first couple I've got to mention a couple of things that um we didn't mention last time that I want
people to really jump into isn't this gorgeous look at this word people let's just start out with a beautiful Greek
word this is a beautiful sexy lovely Greek word look at this
afron afron what is something that is afron it's without its frin it's without
its frin it's without that power to perceive it is senseless it is senseless
it is frantic it is crazed crazed okay what wonderful world
word right afon now imagine look at the bottom there what's it say afron equals
gon what is gon that's him
loock that's him loock do you know what you do when you've had a hard day you
stop off at the any of the Tava that lie in the street and you go in and you get
yourself a Hemlock tody and if you drink too much of them
they're going to open they're going to find you in a state where you are
crawling on all fours he look he's doing the hemlock walk
Oh What A Time what a time when bacas flowed through the
streets remember those oh God you gotta love it you gotta love it um give me the
next word we're not done we're not done right I'm just getting you before we get out into the cult tonight I want you to
partake people here the is everybody partaking of this mental this mental
gorgeous drug combo thing we've got going on look at this conon is your
Hemlock that's great I didn't lie to you look at number two naric what is a
naric what is the narx no seriously seriously what is it it's a
tool it's a tool in it is carried the fire that's
the fire of salvation H the
narx carries the fire of Salvation what were they actually doing with it what is
it therefore it is full of symbols now come here come here what's her name
who'd she write that it's I don't know she was writing about myth some
Brit no that's what you deserve all you myth writing
that's what you deserve we don't want the myth we want the
anthropology we want to know what they're doing with the narx hit me with the next one hit me with is the last
drug we're going to pump into their mental into their brains no give me boop
next one down here boom boom what is this drug Galen that we've been talking
about look in the very middle it's an an oldo
it's an anodos it takes away your pain does
everybody feel like we finally come to the right church this place is wonderful
this is a synagogue I can be a Gog about oh look what they're giving us
they're giving us the painkiller God if I got painkillers
every time I went to church
look at you trapped in that tiny Cube that tiny
Cube like a pantomime right we're freaking
pantomimes oh look at the drug use fantastic go to the next one go to the next one this is where I want to begin
what do I want to show you tonight this is the
apocalypse who who has what who has ears let them hear what the spirit
says to your assemblies yeah to those of you who
overcome I will give to you to eat from the Tree of
Zoe okay wait wait wait who's Zoe just in case anybody stepped out we got out of the spaceship tonight right SpaceTime
we went back in the past we're at the rights right because that's all we ever do you
know it's a date thing you and I have you love it you love going to these rights you love going to them on the
internet right now there are a ton of people who will tell you these the elini
this Elian this Elian this linian psychiatrist psychologist
mythicist oh God oh God
indeed [Music] indeed tonight we look at the
particulars I'm going to take you into a Christ thing hail Satan I'm going to take you into a Christ thing that you
have never seen and it will explain to you exactly
what Jesus was doing welcome to the mystery let's go now they're trying to
sell this online anytime you buy a mystery course online line you're the one who's going to the back alley I
don't want satanic congregation hanging out in the back alleys okay don't don't you're gonna pay
for it you're gonna pay for it yeah and I don't mean money let's go to the next one what is
the promise here I know I know people I know what kind of troubles everybody's
in I know your poverty right but you're really rich
you're not like that satanic congregation wait are you kidding me the
satanic congregations look people it's a letter oh my God it's a letter and it's
to us well it's really to somebody else but they're talking about us you see
tonight the theme is we're listening in on your
conversations and what is this satanic congregation do that really ticks them off look at that second line fourth word
in blason blason do you want to hear the
blasphemy go ahead take it down and poison the brains of everybody here tonight chewy do you want to hear the
blasphemy of blasphemies I've got it for you I've got it for you take a seat everybody who's eating your dinner it
looks marvelous I can imagine it it looks marvelous thank you for for allowing me to um be with you at this
time I thank you on a Monday fantastic what is the blasphemy of
blasphemies tell us Almon tell us do you want to know first I say do you want to
know oh you're gonna love this are you
ready God is fabrication Yahoo has a birthday
before which time he did not exist and do you know when his birthday
is Yahoo Yahoo when's your birthday everybody happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday Elohim Hashem
Jehovah it was in the third
Century show me the text how does how does a person get to that point that can
be so sure of himself it's not me people it's not me
it's the Muse Muse of History bro all you got to do is follow her all you got to do is
follow those words it's in the words they're evidence man they're the Amber
that keeps all of that gorgeousness gorgios all warm and snuggly until one
of us can drill into it take out a sample and find whatever it is that
mosquito was eating oh 20 million years
ago oh God I love it I love it okay give me the next one we can't let this boat it's
going to get more hold on people life fests on tonight this is going to get a little bit
heavy those of you who have those ears to hear like we're talking about satanic
congregation right this is what that Muse says to you the one who
overcomes will not be treated
unjustly by the second death they won't come across that second
death as a thing of Decay as a moment of
Justice right there is something about going there and coming back
creates a bridge it's
understanding let's go to the next one did they give us the drugs yet I think they gave us the drugs
right people I want you to focus now on this image I'm going to read to you from
the hymn there are four girls and they
are like goddesses four four girls like goddesses
and what does it say the second half of that first
line what are these what do these girls have they have the flower
onos they have the flower that is kuron the flower of the
Kwa this is old you see statues of these K all over the place right
right and what do they have what are those they are in coric
bloom they are in coric bloom now you ask yourself who is it that we worship
we worship the underworld Kora that's who we worship what do you
think we do what we do everybody comes and we all get
initiated right you're welcome for democracy you're
welcome such contempt go up give me the source again
chewy when we were just uh yeah so here are these four girls and they're in their coric
Bloom and here are their names what are their names KH oh that's nice beautiful Justice is
what her name means isn't that nice how would you like to wake up and your daughter runs out to you in the morning
and you're cooking pancakes and her name is beautiful Justice come here beautiful Justice right you know who the last
goddess is to abandon Mortals Zeus is already gone right Aries he doesn't care
anymore he's out right all of them gone even AOS is gone but the one that always
stays to abandon Mortals last is DK
justice justice the test is people will you defend
Justice or will you take
poola isn't that funny that's the one thing Justice hates more than anything
poola poola does it stain in your soul does the PE is stain your
soul yeah where's your cross Christian what is your cross covering
didn't seem to do a good job terrible terrible it's sad the
history of Christianity is sad what is an next daughter's name clay cdk that
glorious Justice Doo the people that's a nice one yeah and who's their eldest
it's khalo Khal
oh and she of course is the you know that the pran right she's that really that
firstborn leader give me the next one that firstborn leader and who are
these I'm sorry who are these who are these uh goddess likee um
girls um they are can you show the image do you have the image um they are the
four girls that came to the well where
D was sitting by herself because she had lost her
quora she had lost her qu how did she lose her qu she took that narcissus
B she turned into a did you see what happened she went straight straight into
the underworld and do you know what d mad wants she wants to bring her
back okay do you understand you're in the cult do you understand the
priest she is saying to you this
song There is a Creator and that Creator
sings and this right is a plugin
to that Muse okay okay how do we get there how
do we get there is there a you know are we supposed to just all sit here sit here in the Pew and feel the the guilt
of our conscience um with the blood of the Cross covering us oh God I looked at
her again back to confession nobody ever confessed es that's the problem I
confess you have driven me absolutely mad with
love confess that oh good let's go um
what what's the bridge people what did he just say I think he just took a wrong
turn yeah no it wasn't a wrong turn it's just didn't plan on going there look at this what is this whole thing about
I know an antoon I know an antidote wait you mean there's words for
antidotes here within the hymn that we've been singing about what media
excuse me what D excuse me what
lucifera is going to do to that child are you ready are you ready
M go to the next I want to show them a couple of these words that are so important I know a remedy right I know a
remedy I know some kind of
antidote now for for those of you who are curious that last reference in Greek
under a is pindar's pithi and O number four and that
is a Pres a preserved Oracle from
Antiquity given by the great medwa media the one we call Media it was given by
her and she said within a certain number of generations this dude is going to go to this place and he's going to found a
colony and he that was handed down to the delic Oracle this is all historical
there is no myth this is historical recording
via which is cool via the oracles people think the oracles were song and dance because everybody here and here's the
whip for everybody tonight everybody is bad
everybody even the sisters of frustration that's what they come for anyway right he's so
clever just thinking about that frustration just thinking about that it makes me want want to undo it makes me
want to undo it yes yes see thank you Troy yes spankings for everyone
now we have free spankings satanic congregation do you have to give any
money no but they will spank you yes yes okay go to the next go to the next one
please I have um no go go up to the one above that yeah um what I wanted you to
see here is is that pindar's piy and OD preserves this
vocabulary um and it does so in a kind of an elegant Way by preserving the Oracle you thought history started with
Herodotus right you thought oh he's the first dude to sit down dude and write
out his stuff and say it on the porch of the temple he'd be Dude tell his stories
right cool ionian that's super ionian of you right um no come on man we're stupid
when we look at history he wasn't the first historian do you know who was passing on history and governance at the
same time the oracles the smart women you boobs the smart women from the ancient
world the smart women powerful I was in a meeting just
yesterday with couple of very very uh
fantastic you know um people and you know a scholar I truly admire and um we
were in that we were in a group meeting and they started to talk about the W the
idea that women don't didn't have a voice in Antiquity is is hilariously bad
it's hilariously bad and it covers up a real um it covers up a real um woman Le
I'm not gonna say matriarchal because that's not the the kid grown up Crone
model then the Greeks are not using that that's a fantasy of people who wanted to take you into a back
alley yeah that's a fantasy of those people made Mother m made mother
Crone are you kidding are you kidding even the
gyi the supposed cronn of antiquity are said to be never aging that they're
always in blue the first time I read that I was like oh I get it I didn't get it
before I get it you see Gods can't age
and why can't Gods age we're burning off the mortality why can't God's
age because they're full of Ambrosia full of Ambrosia do you have
the Ambrosia tonight do you want the fruit of the tree
I'll take two please I'll take two who's this handsome devil who's serving us tonight oh God you know what this is
this is a picnic in the park not just any park but Paradise right now do you
see who the a is now do you see who the AWA
is right oh God right out of the thir Century people right God's birth Yahoo
he came out of the the thirr century wasn't here before that's why everybody is chasing is currently chasing stones
to try to find that says that says yahu no no no it's got to say
yahu right so this is how we do it they're fighting they're looking for it I got news for you people he wasn't born
until the third Moses and Noah all of them they're a third Century creation
isn't it interesting stop for a minute and look into the mirror especially if you're an
Evangelical look into that mirror your world is a fantasy generated
in the 3 Century BC your world is a fantasy generated in
the 3 Century anybody anybody at a church or a
synagogue your reality is a
falsehood it's a falsehood you're monest what happened was your religion was a
monest creation that is a one God right a one God creation at a specific time in
history you if you have a synagogue or a church you are a
reaction to the multiplicity of Gods like love and like
complete and total erotic desire and Justice don't
forget Justice and Nemesis don't you love Nemesis come on people who wouldn't worship Nemesis that dude got what he
deserved don't you want to see the dude get what he
deserves you want to why because you and I we worship nemesis
we are the dawn Bringers we are the dawn Bringers we
have to be on 100% with
everything that's the standard you want to follow the satanic contract you want
that esoteric knowledge you have to prove that you can handle it isn't that
something it's amazing you can't sell it you can't sell it I don't want your
money I don't want your money devil hates that stuff go to the
next one okay people look this is gonna get this is gonna get good hit the next one um after
ATI fine what is an EP Luci right it's a power right demer
knows those powers of literally EP those
things that come over you those things that bind you that envelop you right look how
they translate here a coming over by spells a bewitching do you understand
what the witch does now that Witch is going to work in ways that you may call
medicinal right she understands that it's a juggling of your forces that is
an attraction and a repulsion she knows she has the
pharmacon kiston she has the
pharmacon because she's got the knowledge and Antiquity of where to find those roots man and she goes out with
the ladies and they strip down naked and they oil themselves up and they collect
roots and if they catch you as a man out there because of the substances that they're using because remember
collecting Roots is a ritual you don't just go out and dig into the
ground like some you know goodness I can't say the r word or all get in
trouble but you know what I mean it rhymes with [Laughter]
papist did you ever notice that um okay let's go let's go look at that Workshop
by the way that's a gorgeous Workshop I bet those I bet you could put books in there too and then it would the books
would smell I used to go to to Dr John Scarborough's basement when I was a
graduate student we would go after school this is fun I can tell you this
we would go after classes I was um his grad one of his graduate students um and
he only had two at the time right and um we would go out to uh have to the pub to
the pub and have a pint after class and
um yeah those joyous moments would be ended by Us ending up back at his house
in his basement he has this giant basement and he had just thousands upon thousands of books and he was a
collector through Blackwells I think it was and so he got books all the time
that were just impossible to get and he had this incredible collection and they all smelled they all smelled of pipe
tobacco everyone you'd open up those books and it just hits you in the face you had to smoke you know in order to be
there in those books he fumigated that place um that's how you hold a museum baby that's how you that's how you do it
I got a lot of respect I got a shout out for John Scarboro um hit the next one
what I want to show you tonight is this uh um look at number two this thing that
is the Safeguard against witchcraft the erim MOs it is also a vegetable the seed
of which was eaten by women in childbirth now notice that we've come to
a place of you think we've come to the hospital I told you we're in the temple right we're performing The
Mysteries and what do those have to do with they're directly connected to the
art of childbirth your mystery cult comes from childbirth and a bunch of very
intelligent chemically driven women yeah
gorgeous I love it man it makes me so I want these women to come back where are these women Ryan where are these women
who's building the portals to bring these women back this is for the portal
Builder get it done give me the next one give me the next one let's get something
that the um that no Bible scar in his life now this next verse will
shatter every Bible scholar every um every well lots of religion Scholars but
mostly the Bible scholars yeah man I mean old and new um um Torah and and uh
New Testament you know what I mean prophets through the prophets in there right for you guys I'm speaking to you
with this one this is gonna blow your mind right she nourished what is what is
D Deeter what does she do she nourishes a boy in the
home and he grows like a demon that's what it says
he grows like a demon he becomes better
in a demonic way he doesn't eat he doesn't eat
food and you won't see him taking the milk right you're not going to see him
taking the milk of of anybody right during the
day deer who wears that gorgeous Crown
she christs him look at the second to last
line and they have lighted they have lighted the Epsilon in the end of that so it can run together
musically because it sounds better to Sayes OS than it doeses
osia you hear OS I'm now I sound like those stupid
Anglo saxin okay that's why they make they take out letters in Greek let it flow
let it flow we don't do that with our language people sorry sorry it's just the way it is what does that say though
she christed him with Ambrosia go ahead go ahead she Christ
him with Ambrosia okay now what does the Ambrosia
do the Ambrosia is that ionic power that keeps us from
dying that boy is having his mortality
removed yeah okay let's see let's see now look
right there is a reference now this this hymn what am I reading to you this is the hymn the homeric hymn to Demeter bro
this doesn't this doesn't get any more authoritative
dude yeah this is it this is it people and we are
christing we are christing and who's christing our savior is christing are
you crazy let's burn them up give me the
next one uh no that one yep good um look and now there's a strange expression
here on the last line it says what does demer do and this is so sexy beautiful
if you can't see the sexiness in this you're an idiot it says kataa what is she doing she's breathing
into him this sweetness she's breathing into him the
sweetness give me the next I've got the definition here I want people to see it
um not yet give me that one yeah maybe this one go um no that's AO um we're GNA
come back to that here it is Kat oh right oh my God what does it mean to
blow up to breathe upon yeah look at number two to inspire oh yeah and then three again to
blow upon right that one would blow Dan's mind because look you could pick the bottom one but it's the same as the
top one so his logic would be like circular it it may cause a little in his brain you know what I mean
just a little like like a some some circuits we just like nope overheated
boom love it go back to the passage what does she do she Christ him with that
Ambrosia and she inspires him and then we get this fine this last uh oh and it
says o as if he is the Son of
God as if he is the Son of God what is she doing she's crising him
with Ambrosia as you do with the sons of God and there were in those
days the sons of God and the daughters of men and the sons of God because they had
had their mortality burned away yeah they taught those Daughters of
men they taught them how with the drugs that's what it says Enix says anyway
love it let's go back do you see how it works now is everybody getting it nah
right people are always riding to me saying oh now this makes sense did you know X Y and Z exactly right Clicks in
as soon as you see the reality of the text and the anthropology of the culture that that thing is submerged in oh God
it just it's glorious but then we get this last phrase so she christs him with the
Ambrosia as a Son of God and she inspires him with this sweetness and
then she has or possesses him in her
culo now cpose colpos is an interesting word and here
it's in the plural what does she do while she's crising him um she has
him in her plural cpos and what is the what does the cpos mean here the
definition um we're gonna get back to that one don't worry what is the cpost definition here look at this no that's
this one that's nope not above that no oh yep that's it that's it a bosom or
lap oh that's nice a bosom or a lap a bosom does everybody know what a bosom
is I don't that's not real somebody needs to update these victorians on what
bosoms are look at number two it equals ID Doon gon now you can hear
gynecological in gon right a woman's what a woman's idon oh God are
you have we entered a sacred place because that's the only we got got to step back for a
minute got to step back what does that mean there it says especially and then
there's a word probably I don't know maybe that word will get me thrown off
uh uh YouTube so maybe I can't say it beep it out myself but biologically it's
the vagina right you have a penis on the mail you have a vagina you didn't know this was educational T night did you you
have a penis if you're a male and you have a vagina and those are um organs you used in reproduction and various
activities that are involve bakic ritual and celebration and sometimes the
consumption of of uh communion between two
people yeah interesting there it is blow it up and look who the source is on the
end the source is a guide name
soranus now that's his name really he's writes about Gynecology he should have
changed his name if anybody needed to change his name it was Sor anus give me that one look at this here's the verb
here fromes and I want you to notice look what they've done now this is a level
that um this is at a level that we can start to appreciate as Greek students
look at the last two letters it's Sigma and Kappa right whenever you have that Sigma and Kappa attached to a verb like
that it means something special give me the next slide look what happens to it
um she's not just christing him she's christing him with an
iterative an iterative yeah yeah um Homer and herius use them right and this
is a homeric hymn so it only makes sense right and um what are those all about
look at the end of the second line they denote a customary or repeated past
action it is customary to Christ this is what they do in the right
people that kid is being exposed you know what that kid is doing that kid is screaming right the kid's not sitting
there all he does have a he does have some kind of hair made out of you know
goats goats you know and and uh uh you
know he's not wearing flowers right um he's not having a grand time she's performing an operation that
is extremely painful it's so painful that the mother comes in and sees it and says
stop yeah you remember Jesus in the garden
when he's got the stuff on his face uhhuh you remember what he looked
like you remember what he was acting like he was stumbling around and he was
paranoid you know yeah it's Christ thing in the
eyes for some reason I suppose that um you know um the
chemist can work it out people were mad I don't know what the indle Bro me I'm sorry I'm sorry somebody said on the
internet I'm a chemist I'm not a freaking chemist dude I'm my science side is bacteriology and I studied
infectious disease so that I could write about plagues and drugs and Antiquity the plagues that were there and the
drugs that they used to treat them that's what I was um um yeah so don't
believe everything people are saying funny thing on the internet now and by the way there's traffic out there people
are plotting people are plotting the end of am oh yes isn't it gorgeous don't you
love that I love that I suck that like ether let's go that's better that's
that's better than anything like that you know what the best drug is somebody's soul
all right I know that's going to sound a little I don't know it's kind of like Dracula or something isn't it you know
what I mean but um there's a little bit of that in the dragon right there's a little bit of that consumption of the
soul that is there it's there's nothing there's nothing more
ambrosial now do you understand the name the sacred name of Rome excellent good do you understand
excellent go to the next one don't let them get to you onen thank you B is that
BW thank you thank you very much BW I appreciate that we won't we won't you
know why there's too much soul sucking we can do it's you give somebody think
about it people you give somebody the reality of these texts that they cannot recover from it they can't it forms a
permanent permanent antidote in their brain yeah that's why we need to show them we
satanic congregation we should uphold the Bible more than
anyone right it's funny the trick was in the dream the trick was not to run from
it the trick was to run toward it yeah that's where the victory comes
from and to those who achieve the victory I will give to overcome that
second death oh God it's gross it's gross man it's
the grossest stuff on the planet give me the next one um Watch What Happens here
um we didn't go through the Creo but we don't have to this is good chewy I like that you land what does she do with that
boy that she is putting through the operation to burn off his mortality during the night time because remember
we said what happens during the day she's crising him during the day and what does she do in the night she hides
him in the fire she hides him in the
fire he's like a torch he's like a
torch you know what a torch is you put stuff on it and it
burns okay if that mother had not
stopped D from
creating that transformation if she hadn't stopped the
process that boy would have understood who he was he would have seen
and he would have lost his fear he would become as a
God the fruit of the tree is there for
you the fruit of the trees there all right let's go to the next one
that was that was somber that was too somber give them the yep give them the hymn I want you to see the hymn now this
is the oric hymn to elisan demer this is
the orphic him to alisan demer and I want you to go down to the oh God it's
so beautiful that word first of all in the third line Pluto DEA um she's the
she's really The Giver of what is wealth what is wealth and it's not money right
that's the problem you don't see right right you haven't been there you don't see right you still have that corruption
your greed stains your soul with a stench of Ruin right okay and what is
she I just want you to scroll down oh where did it go oh god there was something oh yes look she's the look in
the underlined red portion she's the sunus of bromus dianis what does she do
you didn't know this did you she's that one who stands next to him she's that one who comes to his defense she is that
assistant she is that nourisher of the child she's a Dion it says at the top
she's the PO on Dion what does that mean she's the Dion with many names have you
heard of somebody who is Dion of many names
lady Babylon lady Babylon is she of many names the mystery is written on her
forehead oh God how sexy is that how
sexy is that yeah yeah you're third Century jealous woman hating Divinity
you monists you're just like aanan you're just like that
group right that's what the religion does it's what human religion
does a physics it goes monest and when it does
everybody outside the box can justifiably die doesn't matter if it's women doesn't
matter if it's men doesn't matter if it's old people doesn't matter if it's
kids whoever is outside the box
that's that's some awful stuff I want you to look at what else is in here what else is in this hymn look she is
conveyed see those other two see those other two underlined red there she's conveyed by the what by the power of the
Dragons by the power of the dragons and just look at that underlined
word um that says and look directly above it and you're
going to see the word p
pyop pil does that sound like anything I know
P well the felos root is to love and P
is child who is that one
who performs the initiation the
PID yes give me the
definition look at what these victorians did they're so embarrassed you Brits you Brits I I have a number of very
intelligent people across the Atlantic in the across the pond who were
sitting there and um following the Traditions that the Brits made with the
Oxford Greek Lexicon the lsj Alice have
those people there and what do they say they're they're him and Han baby why do
we have to say one thing is another just come out and say what it is it's too Victorian Purge the Victorian blood you
people in England this is for those you know when I was in Newcastle and that group of
Saucy ladies of the evening came surrounded me pinched my cheeks um this
is for them stop being the that way ladies you got to be a little bit you
know direct God PES it says it equals a
pastes that's their way of getting around saying well tell me what is a pastes then I'll play your little game
it's a lover of boys mostly in a bad
sense don't does it sound like a dictionary that you would read in the
English language no it doesn't sound like a dictionary you would read what is that that's a Victorian sentiment right
the guys are looking around like not me no no it's mostly in a bad
sense yeah um okay now you know what the pastas is and yes we get our English word
past the Christ who is in the position of opening the
eyes that Christ is the pederast this is a direct
link between the definition the classical definition of a
Pedas and the performance of the Christ mystery yes now why is this remember she
D is a kuros what does she do she nourishes the
kuros and sexuality is part of the
process because she is the pyop she is the one who expresses the
love for the kol Ross oh okay the great mother right
d m it's just mother god mother
Zeus the oh and remember this is this is
centuries oh God this is there's 1500 years before this when these rights are being performed right before
Christianity before Moses was ever a figment in the imagination of the
helenistic um person who created her the helenistic author who created him sorry
yeah yeah fantastic go to the next one oh there it is Boom now tonight we're
gonna switch gears now I'm gonna I'm gonna stop with what I showed you and I just because this is making such a
splash I want to um reinforce this because this is one of the points that I bring up that have gotten people just
crazy mad and you love it you love it don't you you love it it but um
apparently there's a lot of people who are very upset at the idea that the
Torah the Jewish holy writings were originally written in Greek apparently that's a that's you know it's quite
undercutting to the whole narrative right it takes Moses and Abraham and it
turns them into fictional characters from the 3D Century that are using the
culture of the mystery to create a monest reform of
religion yeah AKA Judaism 3rd Century BC
uhhuh with all the synagogues what did all the synagogues have in them ion and the Zodiac does do you guys know your
zodiac we gotta learn the Zodiac stuff yeah yeah now let's not go crazy with it
right let's not go crazy with it oh he's making a reference Kai Apen look at verse three what is this this is Genesis
so tonight I'm going to start doing this at the end I'm going to just give you a quick flash of how incredibly terrible
the Hebrew translation of the Greek is right tonight they're making up words
just to be able to suit Greek right it's hilarious watch this this is Genesis
this is Genesis chapter 11 yeah a and what's happening we're
around the time of you know we're looking at Babel right right uh oh God
and a man said to his neighbor de get over here P soman pus let's fire some
Bricks now watch this people let's fire some bricks just think about that just
think about that simple little statement let us fire some
bricks okay cool because they're going to build something there's nothing there's nothing look what the Greek does
look what the Greek does look at the end of the second sentence pman and then the beginning of the third
sentence pen thus do you notice that those have the same rooting them the Greek loves to do this and has been
doing it for a long time by the time this document comes up and because this
is helenistic the helenistic Greeks were trying especially who associated with the museum they were trying to kind of
elevate the Greek back to what it was right they're trying to they're bring a
lot of vocabulary that's highly highly specific but they're also stylistically trying to hearken back to that old
fashioned way of doing Greek where you take two words put them right next to each other that have the same root
usually one is a verb and one is a noun or an adjective right it's just the way it's
just what they like to do dude it's their style right and so you PL theum
and you you prepare a brick or fire a brick and what do you find firing pus
those bricks right oh what just tell me what
do the Hebrew do with this what does the Hebrew do with this watch this people the fact that people can say the Greek
is a translation of the Hebrew is a total joke this a total joke look at the first word up here I just do the the
making of the bricks right leban leban let's see what that is
what's see are they by the way uh um are the bricks related here right is the
baking related let's see let's see if it's from this what's going on how what kind of terms are they using to
translate this right look at to make a brick or to be made or to make wider
okay so the Hebrews using a word for the baking of the bricks that's a primitive root to become
white okay okay um to make bricks are they doing the
thing where you've got the same let's see what happens the same base give me the next one so um what is the word for Brick
wait a minute leban you mean this thing just like the Greek is using the same
root this thing Labon which means to be white but also a brick which by the way
who seriously seriously you guys I I know you don't I I I know you know this
is not the best work I know you do look at this look at the linguistic laziness
give me the next one this is terrible whoever is doing this they need to be they need to be told you know take a
look at how classical philology works right now what's a problem here so it
does have the same root the brick and the brick making but look what happens the word for rock that he's about to use
it also has the same root and it means a stone
okay okay what's going on now we've us we've used three um words with one root
in them what is going on H what's it mean at the
bottom what is the word for stone it's the word for it's used for a charm wait
what Cornerstone death oh my God this is a madeup word
look at how many places they plugged look at how many holes in the wall they plugged with it differing weights
hailstones Jeweler you know there's about 50 words in Greek in there right lapis lazuli a plum line a plum what
what is it a brick is it a rock is it a plum line am I Charmed is this witch G to hit me in the head with a brick or
something where am I what you're seeing here is one language inventing itself in
order to translate another and that's the secret of Greek in Hebrew Hebrew is
an attempt ancient Hebrew not modern ancient Hebrew is an
attempt to translate Greek it's an attempt to legitimize itself through the
Behemoth that was there dominating with its 1.5 million over
8,000 it's the history of the world man and it's gorgeous you see this is the
one point there's one point I can make out there tonight it's that we look at
history through the wrong um with the wrong direction you know we look at it
the wrong way we should have been looking at the languages we should have been looking at
the languages because the languages preserve that reality and this is the reality that's here ancient Greek has
the close you're right you're right Jesus Christ SI Jesus 6 chist six I
don't know what that means I don't know what that means it's scaring me go to
the next one go to the next one here's here look another brick another title that's fine go to the go to the next one
there's the word for burning I was going to talk about that a little bit that's okay I I don't I don't need to the point has been made go to go to right here
here's the um by the way there was there was something in this process of making the bricks you got to have some kind of
stickiness put them together right some kind of mortar to put them together and the grece says you got
asaltos right wait asaltos does that sound familiar yeah it
does what is it it's asphalt by tuman kind of petroleum it's pitch Right comes
from spallow the very word from it comes from a Greek word and it's just got the alpha privet on the front swall to
deteriorate and a would be to be not deteriorating not being destroyed it's
asalt now give me what the how does the Hebrew come off give me the next one and
I just want you to see look at this chart people this is all the different um this is asphalt with all the
different manifestations of it look at how common this word is in ancient right
that includes Co look at how common it is look at how many different it's got
holy maate all comes did some say
trial love that stuff you know that stuff there's a well oh never mind you
Brits will get that give the next one they didn't say I was smart that's the
point watch this people what does he do what does this word mean what does this
Hebrew word mean that they're translating as asalto for Umar right and
what did they say it's bin that's is B tumin is the Roman word for
asaltos right and then they just put asphalt are you kidding me are you
kidding me yeah this is amazing people right
right in the definition you want to know where this word comes from there's two classical words there to explain it to
you and it's being used for centuries before the Bible is ever
written now people like Dan will tell you Dan and Kip they will tell
you um there's a wall of separation between Christians and everybody else
and these words will not come across right oh God right this is why they don't make
classicist here's one last example I just want to throw this to you um look at verse seven come on now
let's go down and what let's confound their tongue let's
confound their tongue it's in the singular right everybody Strokes for everyone says God this is God right he's
pissed that humans are cooperating right so you know that's never good so
they can't hear each other they can't hear their own voices let's go down and sunen them their tongue and what do that
mean to Sun cat old people just look at this third line down to pour together to co-mingle or to confound now you think
that sounds odd like an odd group to be putting together they have a word that means to kind of bring
together and in doing so to confound you know what an epileptic seizure is it's
when your timing is all brought together it's when those nerves start firing off in unison you get a little storm in the
brain and that's an epileptic easier right oh God do you understand
what they're grasping now watch this Give me the give me the uh next one which is the Hebrew um here's look those
are those three words now watch this hit that definition here's a Hebrew word which oh
my God happens to me mean exactly the same thing that an already established
Greek word is meant for centuries
what are you looking at you were looking at proof that Hebrew is constructed around
Greek did you hear that did you hear that oh this will make them so mad this
will make everybody so mad don't you love it it's gorgeous
isn't it we're creating words now that are the exact mirrors right we're taking
culture and why is that because this is the culture that the Jewish people or
person we don't know how many authors there were it doesn't say right that the Jewish people who created the
Torah um those people were trying to um
borrow from the power of the Greek language they were harnessing that power
to bring it in to create and that's why it's in the beginning where Gaia and
uros right two Gods two helenistic creation Gods right up top it's the
language of Greek that is the origin of the Hebrew
Bible yeah give me the last one this is gorgeous um this is silliness look what
happens oh look what they do they start talking about Arabic
Arabic right well in Arabic this root means this and right because they want some sort of Semitic connection right
and you would think if you look up what's where where's the oldest Arabic from um they'll say oh 8th Century 8th
Century BC oh really show me what does it say oh no no no no no it doesn't
exist then we don't have any surviving right we just think they wrote are you
kidding um are you joking me when is the first written Arabic it's in the 500s
anod Domin do you see what the linguists were
doing this is incompetence this is complete
incompetence but it is driven by a powerful desire just like you have the
numerologist it's driven by an extreme desire to justify
the language itself to say look this language is legitimate and the claims the text make
or legitimate right it's an attempt to create legitimacy wow but it's a creation
nonetheless the sacred Hebrew is attempting to reflect the
Greek of the original isn't that gorgeous okay let's um let's round this
out with Penelope did you get to use all of your Images Oh Penelope we come to
you tonight with the utmost humility for we know Penelope what lies behind your
cross we know that like us you are covered by the blood of Christ the one
who is burning off our mortality
the ti of f yeah oh God oh God thank you for
coming tonight um I'm sorry if what you've been seeing is disturbing and I
know you'll be a little bit disoriented um don't worry sleep it off and tomorrow everything will be normal
again no I'm just kidding it's going to be stuck in your brain forever have a great night thank you everybody for
coming the fact that 841 people are here is driving others to take Serious ly um
what we're talking about to open up the museum I want everybody to hear to know
if I were there I'd give you a I give you just a gorgeous hug i' give you just a gorgeous lovely hug just imagine it
thank you for coming tonight Hil [Music] Satan
cutter new singer Athena lover d
bringer Ro cutter new singer Athena
lover d Brer brute cutter new singer aena
lover the devil rides out the Irish witch I'm with the Dragon
Lady don't I bring Roots I cut I am being media's love
oh [Music]